this is very recent well
somehow you are an old acquaintance
but so we put together here
it does not exist yet
if you look like that then you could say
yes is just a compact combination with
a bit extroverted optics though
just this loud optics leaves
suspect that a bit more behind it
And so it is the seat leon
cupra is currently the strongest of its kind
in the whole of europe the seat leon sp has
in the cuba version the 280 ps strong
gasoline under the hood and that makes
so special in his segment
apart from the special paint
with orange highlights brightened
pleasantly subtle back optics im
grill one or two cupra logo
or the exhaust pipes indicate to be
power potential
In the interior you will find more subtle
details such as the churer
writings that are around the s t so
the combinatorial acts quickly again for
log hold 587 maximum 1400 70
liter more importantly how much buzz has
Europe's strongest compacts sc
cupra comes with 265 and with the
mentioned 280 ps
Of course we have it for exactly this one
here the big gasoline engine of the decided
four-cylinder has 206 kilo watt and one
maximum torque of 350
newton meters
the top speed is 250
km h and in smooth six seconds
it's 100 km h
the 350 newton meters maximum torque
they are already at 1700 tours to
disposal and then the fun is first
really go because you can do that
four cylinders loose turn further until
6,500 tours to the red
area into it
there are even close to 7,000 if
you have the right famos next to eco
and comfort there is sport and then it is
there just cooper in the one on
electronic helper as far as possible
the cup racing mode does not work
sc is much sharper on the gas and that
color is crisp hard not me
quite as much as you like it is
artificially additionally generated motor
Sound that switches to it as soon as you
in driving modes Cuba or sports
is the mediated a trained
scary and also the force of the
bring cars to the streets
but it may be time already
but some are annoying he is good
less criticism than it
is a matter of taste and also rather
insignificant if you agree with the
athletic spanier through the tight
turns shoots
what surprised me positively is that
the front-wheel drive hexagonal way of driving
never really leaves arise the feeling
you would lose the necessary grip and
also drive influences are in the
steering barely noticeable even the
Well found sports seats provide with the
pronounced cheeks good sideways
without missing the necessary rest comfort
to let what fits the overall impression
is the really excellent 6 course
dsg that quickly switches to the point
like a Swiss clockwork and bring or
towards the handshake at sprint
from 0 to 100 a little bit of time
out but also costs 1700 euros extra
but my opinion is if you look
because for such a vehicle decides
then it is really well invested
money
the tiresome topic money yes that is dsg
great but also costs extra then
Do you want in such a car just that too
performance package with brembo brakes
alloy wheels or high performance
Tires say that costs just four
Giant with other manufacturers will be
but often much more expensive though
not only because of that, the seat
leon st copper in the overall package
play in the upper area
the new seat leon st cupra a car where
There is hardly anything to moan about
if you are looking for then you will find it
always some trifles and such
At least for my taste
the steering will be a tick sharpener
and then this look so the paint
with the orange not mine
but then you can say it has to be yes
do not take and besides that should be
a over 100 kilo man in
Cord pants ever thought where
optics so ticked off the topic altogether
a really nice and well done
car and also at the price you can not
really grump the 280 ps strong
petrol starts at 33 1820 euro
and the starting price for the 265 hp
strong four-cylinder is 32
1650 euro is clear that now no
Grabbeltisch bargain but at least
not really expensive in comparison
And besides, you get that right now
the strongest compact combination in europe
at least yet
yes, because even the direct attack on
this title comes from your own
the corporations queen mother vw
should already in the next few months the
golf air variant with 300 ps on the
push public roads and then
is the title for the Spaniards gone
well as they say it remains
at least in the family